feat: add testing.md file (#25)
etclabscore/pristine: TESTING.md

# How to setup tests

Testing is a project specific concern. That being said, each project may use a jenkins pipeline to setup CI and CD for the project.

We use [jenkins-vagrant](https://github.com/etclabscore/jenkins-vagrant)

> Here is an example jenkins file that runs node project tests in each of osx, linux and windows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example [jenkinsfile](https://jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/jenkinsfile/) that runs node project tests in each of osx, linux and windows:
```

```
pipeline {
  agent none
  stages {
    stage('Run Tests') {
      parallel {
        stage('test') {
	        agent {
            label 'macos'

>           }

Reviewer: the `agent` part of this isnt aligned properly
